 
DATA STRUCTURE USED :-
    1. MAP :- To store the room details and guest details.
    2. SET :- To store the room number and priority of the guest.
    3. MUTEX :- To lock the critical section.
    4. SEMAPHORE :- To lock the critical section.


SET WORK :-
   1. Create a priority queue to store the room number and priority of the guest. 
   2. Sort the priority queue in increasing order of guest priority.
   3. If the guest priority is 0, the room is empty.
   4. If the guest priority is greater than 0, the room is occupied.
   5. A guest thread should check the first element of the priority queue. 
   6. If the priority of the guest is 0 or all rooms are occupied, the thread should check for the guest with the lowest priority. 
   7. If the guest with the lowest priority is found, the coming guest can book that room and the guest with the lowest priority is removed from the set. 
   8. If the guest with the lowest priority is not found, the coming guest should wait for the room to be empty.
   9. If a room is occupied twice, the room is not inserted into the set.
   10. When all rooms are occupied twice, the set is empty and the guest thread should wait for the room to be clean.
   11. When a room is cleaned, the room is inserted into the set with the priority of 0.


MUTEX WORK :-
    Mutex in Guest thread:
        1. Lock the set to check room availability.
    
    Mutex in Cleaning thread:
        1. Lock the set to check if the room is cleaned.
        2. Lock the room size and increase it by 1.
    
    Mutex in Print function:
        1. Lock the print function to write the output to a file.

SEMAPHORE WORK:
    Semaphore for Guest Thread:
        1. Allows all guest threads to request for rooms and sleep in them simultaneously.

    Semaphore for Cleaning Thread:
        1. Allows all cleaning threads to request for rooms and clean them simultaneously.

WORKFLOW:
    1. Main function initiallizes the mutex, semaphore, set and map.
    2. Main function creates the guest and cleaning threads.
    3. Guest thread checks the set for room availability.
        3.1. If the room is available, the guest thread books the room and sleeps in it.
        3.2. If the room is not available, the guest thread waits for the room to be empty.
    4. Cleaning thread checks the set for room cleaning.
        4.1. If the room is not cleaned, the cleaning thread cleans the room.
        4.2. If all room are cleaned by the cleaning thread, the cleaning thread waits for the room to be dirty.
    5. When the guest thread wakes up, it checks the set for room availability.
        5.1. If the room is available, the guest thread books the room and sleeps in it.
        5.2. If the room is not available, the guest thread waits for the room to be empty. 


